Finally, you need to learn
about CloudFormation capabilities.
So we have CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM and CAPABILITY_IAM.
So they are capabilities you need to give to CloudFormation
whenever your CloudFormation template
is going to create or update IAM resources,
such as when you create a IAM user,
a role, a group, a policy, and so on,
through your CloudFormation templates.
So you specify NAMED_IAM if the resources are named,
otherwise, just CAPABILITY_IAM.
And the reason we do so
is that we want to explicitly acknowledge the fact
that CloudFormation is going to create IAM resources.
We have CAPABILITY_AUTO_EXPAND,
which is when your CloudFormation template
is including macro and nested stacks,
so stacks within stacks,
to perform dynamic transformations.
And in here, we're acknowledging that the template
may change before being deployed.
And finally,
if you obtain a InsufficientCapabilitiesException
while launching a template,
that means that the CloudFormation templates
was requiring capabilities,
but you haven't acknowledged them.
So, as a security measure, you need to redo the templates,
upload, and launch using, this time, these capabilities.
It's just an extra argument in your API call,
or a box to tick on your AWS console.
So here, under 3_capabilities.yaml,
I'm going to show you a CloudFormation template,
which actually has an IAM role being created.
And it's named, so there's a role name, MyCustomRoleName.
And it's using a managed policy,
which is the AmazonEC2FullAccess.
So we're dealing with IAM,
and so as such, we are creating some IAM roles.
And so therefore, if I create this stack
and upload the template file being the capabilities.yaml.
And I'll call this one DemoIAM.
Next.
And scroll all the way down.
As you can see, there is an acknowledgement
that says that you need to have this capability,
and it says, "Yes, I acknowledge the fact
that CloudFormation might create IAM resources
with custom names."
And so therefore, we are giving the capability
to CloudFormation to actually run this template
and to create this role.
If we don't do this,
then the submission is going to fail, as you can see.
But if we do do this, then now we're saying,
"Hey, I understand the risk of it.
I understand the fact that we are creating IAM resources
from within CloudFormation."
And that's it, that's all I want to show you.
All right, I will see you in the next lecture.